Hello, sir.
This is the scene of the founding meeting of the Business Alliance
Please show the invitation letter to enter the invitation letter
I don't have an invitation
If there is no invitation letter, you can sign up.
Identity We will register for you.
I am Xiao Junlin, the son-in-law of the Ye family.
Sorry, sir.
There are rules tonight
Ye's family and dogs are not allowed to enter the nest
Huh what to pretend
You dare to call me the Chu family will go again
Brother Longhu, look at how bold this person is
Even the four masters of our Chu family don't pay attention to it
Look at them scared
Xuanwu threw him out to me
Wait, this was an hour ago in Ye
The family has severely offended Miss Chu
Let's just push him up
Wait for Miss Chu
Brother Long Wu, put this kid on it
He won't make trouble, will he?
There are our four experts following
He didn't dare move a finger.